docs: documentation overhaul (#1651)
GIScience/openrouteservice: docs/run-instance/configuration/execution.md

> # Execution settings

Reviewer: This is not linked in the sidebar

| key     | type   | description | example value                |
|---------|--------|-------------|------------------------------| 

> | methods | object |             | [methods](#executionmethods) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| methods | object |             | [methods](#execution-methods) |
```

## **execution.methods**

| key  | type   | description                                           | example value                 |
|------|--------|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------| 
| ch   | object | Settings for using contraction hierarchies in routing | [ch](#executionmethodsch)     |
| lm   | object | Settings for using landmarks in routing               | [lm](#executionmethodslm)     |

> | core | object | Settings for using landmarks in routing               | [core](#executionmethodscore) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ch   | object | Settings for using contraction hierarchies in routing | [ch](#execution-methods-ch)     |
| lm   | object | Settings for using landmarks in routing               | [lm](#execution-methods-lm)     |
| core | object | Settings for using landmarks in routing               | [core](#execution-methods-core) |
```

## **execution.methods.ch**

| key               | type    | description | example value |
|-------------------|---------|-------------|---------------| 

> | disabling_allowed | boolean |             | `true`        |

Reviewer: Description missing

Reviewer 2: Removed as not supportet since GH3

## **execution.methods.lm**

| key               | type    | description                                      | default value |
|-------------------|---------|--------------------------------------------------|---------------| 

> | disabling_allowed | boolean |                                                  | `true`        |

Reviewer: Description missing.

Reviewer 2: Removed as not supportet since GH3

| active_landmarks  | number  | Number of landmarks used for computing the route | `8`           |

## **execution.methods.core**

| key               | type    | description                                      | example value |
|-------------------|---------|--------------------------------------------------|---------------| 

> | disabling_allowed | boolean |                                                  | `true`        |

Reviewer: Description missing

Reviewer 2: Removed as not supportet since GH3
